[theme music]
[laugh]
So I'm going to drop you
off at your game a little bit
early, and then if Becky ever
finishes the living room,
we'll all go down to the Budget
Club and I'll get your sneakers
and I'll pick up the
tire for the car.
Your game ought to
be finished by then.
Then alls I'll have left to
do is go in for my bikini wax.
Give me my paper.
What are you doing?
I am running this house
with no help from you.
And doing a hell of a job.
All right, what do
you want me to do?
You weren't even listening.
Yeah, I was.
What'd I say?
I don't know, something about
turtle waxing your bikini.
[buzz sound]
I'm sorry, Mr. Connor, I
guess that handsome dinette
set will have to go to
our returning chamption.
Why can't we do
all this on Sunday?
Because there's a game on
Sunday your mom wants to watch.
Yeah.
Becky, plate.
Honey, feeling a little tense?
Irritable?
Peckish?
Maybe it's your hair color.
Maybe it's my job.
Maybe you should
quit that job.
And do what?
All the power jobs are taken.
Margaret's running
England, Vanna's
turning the letters
over, and Delta
Burke has her own damn TV show.
Are you going to
be late tonight?
No.
I only got a half day's worth
of finishing work to do.
Well, I got to go, because
I got a staff meeting
and my boss freaks
out if anybody's late.
You mind getting dinner tonight?
OK.
Yeah.
What do I gotta do?
Well you stand up, and then
you go over here and take
the stuff out of this cold box.
Brr!
And then you trot it
right over and you
stick it in this hot box.
What was that
middle part again?
And another thing.
Uniforms.
Starch those apron bows, ladies.
Wash them every day and
get your moms to iron them.
Oh, I have a question.
What if your mom has really bad
rheumatoid arthritis, you know?
And, uh, say she's like
living on the other side
the International
Date Line, you know.
Then should you like,
get your kids to do it?
I don't care like who does it.
But we've got to start
looking like professionals,
or no one's going to
take us seriously.
Um.
The beak keeps
falling off my apron.
And let's perk
up the customers,
all right, they eat more.
They eat more.
He's taking notes.
Since I thought of having
the feedback box put in--
Yeah?
--gotten a lot of disturbing
complaints about the fries.
Oily, and no taste.
Oh, no, that was
about the owners.
So far the biggest
complaint we've had is speed.
People waiting five,
six minutes for orders.
Now, this is supposed
to be fast food, people,
and we can't exactly
call it fast.
Why not?
We call it food.
Look.
The bottom line here
is that some of you
are just not
playing to capacity.
Which means I've had
to do some platooning
and juggle the schedule a bit.
So Jay, Wednesdays and
Fridays, you're on nights.
Come on, Brian.
All right, Andrew and Debbie,
Mondays and Thursdays you open.
I uh, I do have a big
math test on Monday,
but I will be here.
Roseanne you're
off on Wednesday,
but you're here on Saturday.
OK, that's it.
Let's open.
Now remember, perky.
Um, Brian, remember?
We had this discussion.
I can't work on weekends,
because I have a family.
Well, this is a family, too.
Yeah, but it ain't my family.
Look, Roseanne, weekends
are what it's all about.
And I need somebody fast.
Well, I could be flexible.
I could slow down.
Look, I'm going to tell you
something right now, all right.
That negative attitude of yours,
it's going to get you nowhere.
This is nowhere.
I don't like working
weekends either, but--
I know, and that's
why you never do.
You just sit up there in your
office like a little chicken
Napoleon, making your
little chicken schedules
to screw up everybody's life.
I told you in the beginning,
I was not working weekends.
You are paid to
follow my orders.
Now, it isn't always
pretty, but this
is the business we've chosen.
You got a big booger
hanging out of your nose.
This moisturizer any good?
Everything I got is good.
It's one of my big sellers.
Hey, you know, I'm going to
ask for a second district.
Really?
That's great.
Oh, Roseanne, I like
this Prussian blue.
Oh, yeah, that will look
great with your cop uniform.
Roseanne, did I
tell you my TO let
me take the collar on a DWI.
N-O.
They usually don't let
rookies take the collar.
Really?
Yeah.
That's great.
How 'bout you, Roseanne?
How's your job going?
Sometimes I wish I was still
back at Wellman, I swear.
Bite your tongue.
And now he's going to
make me work weekends.
You're kidding.
Have you talked to him
and told him how you feel?
Well, of course you have.
Roseanne, you
should quit that job.
And do what, go
back into medicine.
Yeah, I'm serious.
Have you really
tried talking to him?
You know, butter him up,
turn on the old charm.
Hey, I'm not kissing up
to some dweeby little kid
just because he holds
my life in his hands.
You don't have
to kiss up to him,
just treat him a little better.
You know how to do it.
Yeah, like not calling
him the little maggot.
Believe me,
Roseanne, I wouldn't
be where I am today if I didn't
know how to handle people.
Truth is, Roseanne,
you could use some work
on your interpersonal
relationships.
Stick it.
She's an expert on
interpersonal relationships.
She's raising three kids.
Just imagine Brian
is one of your kids.
I'm serious.
You know how to handle that guy.
Yeah, you're the most
manipulative person I know.
No, I mean, really.
You know, up until
this weekend thing,
that job was working
out pretty good.
I was able to be home
before DJ got here,
it was this close
to be unbearable.
Uh oh.
Big pow wow in the hen house.
Get in here.
Yes, dear.
Hi, honey.
Ooh, a threesome.
You wish.
How was your day?
You won't believe.
Oh, I manage to unload
the rest of that sheet rock
on Eddie Griswold.
Oh, good.
Well, we're talking
about me now.
You know Brian?
The little maggot?
He's going to make
me work weekends.
Why didn't you
tell him he couldn't?
Oh gee, now why
didn't I think of that?
We were just suggesting that
she use her natural abilities
and suck up to the guy.
You catch more flies with
honey than with vinegar.
Oh, a meeting of minds.
That's good advice, Roseanne.
That's how careers are made.
Just treat the guy like
you respect him and act
like you think he's
great, and keep
your real feelings to yourself.
Oh, you mean I should treat
him like he's my husband?
Bingo.
You just treat him
like you treat me
and I guarantee that he won't
want to be anywhere near you
on weekends.
Roseanne, go ahead and
clear out your register.
Hey-- hey, Brian.
You know, your Mustang
is looking awesome.
- Yeah, well, it's a classic.
- For sure.
Hey, have a nice day,
sir, please come again.
You know, if you ever need
that little beauty washed,
my dad does run
the Jack-o Wash and
all my friends get in for free.
They use rags or brushes?
Well, anything you want.
Just say you're
a friend of mine.
Andrew.
That's good to know,
I'll keep it in mind.
No sweat, guy.
He's such a suck up.
Brian, If I stay late
tonight to do side work,
I'm going to be in the
overtime for the week.
And you told me to always
let you know, so is that OK,
because I could really
use the extra money.
No.
Go home, have a good night.
Andrew.
You feel like working
some overtime?
Cool.
All right.
Clean out the fry bins.
Rosanne, you can head out, too.
Well, don't feel bad, Tina.
It's not worth acting
like Andrew just
to get your own car.
That's for sure.
Course, so unless you've
got a husband and three kids.
That's for sure.
Yeah, I guess you can
catch more flies with manure
than you can with honey.
Hey.
Dammit!
What?
I can't fasten
the choke spring.
What are you making?
Do you know anything
about carburetors?
They go under the hood.
Why?
I'm in big trouble.
What's the matter?
I'm flunking shop.
Well, that's a
sign of intelligence.
I can't afford to flunk shop.
Because if my grade point
average falls below 3.5,
then the school will
let me keep my job.
If I lose my job, I lose my car.
If I lose my car, I'm nothing.
Well, I don't mean to
drop names or nothing,
but I just happen to know the
best carburetor man in town.
I don't suppose
he owes you a favor.
Yeah, about 15
years' worth, boss.
Brian Cayman is
coming here for dinner?
Doofy Brian Cayman?
No, Mr. Brian Cayman, my boss.
Why is he eating here?
He has parents.
Because your dad's going
to help him with something.
With what, a zit?
And we're just going to happen
to have his favorite dinner
on the table, too.
What's his favorite dinner?
Wieners.
Even the flat heads
don't hang out with him.
Where is your brother?
- He's playing hide and go seek.
- With who?
With you.
Oh, yeah, right.
Where's he hiding?
I'm not going to tell you.
Well, I sure hope I'm
going to be able to find
him before we have dinner.
Gee, I wonder where he--
[gasp] David Jacob, I see you.
You're it, now you hide.
No, you go hide
for me, because you
are so good at being hid.
OK.
Hey hi, sis, how you doing?
Pretty good.
My, expecting company?
As a matter of fact, I am.
Anybody good?
No.
What a laugh you'll
have when I tell you.
Oh, tell me, tell me, tell me.
My boss.
The little maggot?
Uh huh.
Well, very good, Roseanne,
I'm very proud of you.
What time is he coming over?
He'll be here in
about a half hour.
Plenty of time for
you to eat and get
out of here before he shows up.
Oh, I can stay.
I don't go on duty till 8:00.
No, I don't want
you to see me grovel.
Please, let me stick around
for the initial greasing.
No, you'll just
make everything worse.
How do I make it worse?
With that great knack you
have for saying the wrong thing
at the wrong time.
Well, Dan's going to be
here, and you're always
saying how tactless he is.
Hi, Jackie.
How's the herpes?
ROSEANNE: Did you
get good chips?
Yeah.
And two six packs of
Bailey's Old Style root beer.
Where's DJ?
Oh, I look for him later.
I think you're going way
overboard on this deal.
Isn't it enough that
I have to rebuild
Junior's carburetor for him?
Are you kidding me?
You're the one who
told me to kiss up
to the guy in the first place.
I didn't tell you
to kiss up to him,
I just said treat him right.
Oh, please, you gotta let me
stick around and watch this.
Jackie, go to work.
And he better
bring his own tools,
because he's not using mine.
Dan, he can use anything
he wants, long as I
don't have to work on Saturday.
[doorbell rings]
Would somebody let
the little maggot in?
Hi.
Hope I'm not late.
I came right from the office.
Let me take your
coat for you, huh?
Oh, thanks.
You look familiar.
Yeah.
You go to Lanford, right?
Fifth period lunch, right.
Yeah.
How you doing, Dan Connor.
Husband, father,
carburetor specialist.
Oh, I really appreciate--
Come on out to the garage.
You can hear the
dinner bell from there.
You know, I got as far as
putting on the choke spring,
but I didn't know
what to do after that.
Coming over here
was a good start.
Yeah, that's the truth.
Look, uh, can we talk
man to man here, pal.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, sure.
Good.
Well here's the deal.
I don't want to
be a shop teacher,
and you don't want to
be a garage mechanic.
So why don't you just let
me put this thing together
for you, you take it
in, you get the credit,
and you ease up on my wife.
I have never come
on to your wife.
Good.
Um, what I was talking about
was making her work weekends.
Look, Mr. Conor,
have a job to do.
Whoops, Mr. Fumble Thumbs.
Parts everywhere.
Roseanne's the best person
I got down there, really.
That's-- that's the
only reason I want
her working on the weekends.
Well, we need her to
work here on weekends.
Schedules can be changed.
Good.
I could have had a
new car right away.
But when I saw my Stanger, oh.
It was like falling in love.
Oh, so that's what
falling in love is like.
Yes, dear.
It's like car ownership.
Yep.
So I waited.
I saved up for an entire year.
And now I am the owner of one
lean, mean driving machine.
And the women go wild for it.
More milk?
Actually, I should get going.
Already?
Yeah, uh.
Thanks for dinner,
though, it was
really nice meeting all of you.
Yeah.
A million thanks.
You're keeping the
Cayman legend alive.
Don't mention it.
Um, Brian.
I really do need to
talk to you about work.
Roseanne, I think my
office is the place for that.
Well, let's just go
step into my office,
huh, it won't take long.
I just wanted you to see
how important my family is,
and how important it
is we're together,
because weekends are the only
time that we have together.
Roseanne--
I mean, I want to be a team
player, and all like that,
but my family's really
important to me, too.
Roseanne, I
understand that you
need to be with your family.
You do?
Yeah, and you
can't work weekends.
That's what you're
saying, right?
Yeah, exactly.
Well, there it is.
You can pick up your
last check on Monday.
- What?
- You're fired.
What the hell's
wrong with you, bub?
What the hell's wrong with you?
You've been in this
house three hours,
you couldn't say
something about it--
Now wait a minute--
[becky and darlene yelling]
DAN: Hey, you wait
a minute, pal.
You're at my house, what's
the matter with you?
BRIAN: I wasn't--
DAN: I had to do your homework
for you, and now you fire--
Dan, please.
OK, now, just slow down.
You're firing me over
this weekend thing, right?
I mean, you're really firing me?
Hey, I'm sorry.
You're sorry?
You're going to be sorry,
because I'm the best
worker you've got down there.
No, you're fast, but
your attitude stinks.
Well, something
stinks in here, Bri,
but it ain't my attitude.
Listen, kid.
I need that job, and I hate like
hell that I do, but I need it.
And I'm not working
there because I
don't have enough allowance.
I'm paying a mortgage and
putting food on the table
and buying clothes
for three kids.
I don't think you
even understand that.
understand anything.
You're not grown up enough yet
to understand that your life
doesn't always turn out the
way you planned it to be,
and sometimes you end up doing
stuff that you thought you'd
never do in a million
years, but you
still have to do
it because there's
nothing else you can do.
Oh, you don't want to leave
without your carburetor.
And your coil spring.
And here's your--
Butterfly bell.
And don't forget your--
Secondary.
Brian.
Would you like fries with that?
Whoa, ho whoa whoa whoa.
It's an occasion.
Yeah.
I've definitely sunk
to an all time new low.
I've been fired by Opie.
Well, let's look
at it this way.
The kid's a loser.
By the time he's
our age, he'll be
a lonely, bitter
multimillionaire.
I pity him.
Well.
You'll definitely have more time
to spend with your family now.
Cozy evenings around the hearth.
Sing-alongs.
It'll will be loads of fun.
Hm, yeah.
Till we have to break down
and eat one of the children.
We're OK.
I've been working a lot,
I've got stuff lined up,
you'll find something.
Something better.
Yeah, I've been thinking
about a career in diplomacy.
I think that's
definitely your calling.
Maybe an ambassadorship.
Yeah, to the Bahamas.
Oh, there's loads
of unrest down there.
They'll need somebody
who can lay on the beach
and drink margaritas.
Yeah.
And just imagine all
the gala luncheons,
the parties, the dances.
I hear they're hiring
over at Bucky Burger.
DARLENE: DJ!
Nothing?
Nothing.
DAN: DJ, it's bedtime.
The game's over, son.
He's not in the garage.
I don't think
he's in the house.
He's got to be somewhere.
Well, maybe we ought
to call somebody.
(WHISPER) Dan.
You're it.